Investigation Notes – Final Phase (Unique URIs and Reverse Shell Details)
To determine the total number of unique URIs accessed by the attacker, I searched for the attacker's IP address (218.92.0.204) alongside the HTTP URI field. This allowed 
me to isolate every HTTP request made by that IP. The query I used was:

index=* "218.92.0.204" | stats count by http_request_uri

This returned all the unique URI paths the attacker attempted to access. The total result count displayed was 9,930, which confirmed the correct answer. Since the search 
specifically filtered on the attacker’s IP and displayed URI data, it accurately represented the full scope of web requests made during the attack.

The next task was to determine which IP address and port the target system attempted to connect to once a reverse shell was established.

To start, I searched for signs of a reverse shell and discovered a new external IP address associated with this activity: 113.89.232.157. I then performed a search that included 
this IP, the previously identified post-exploitation URI (/api/upload), and the middleware HTTP header used in the CVE exploit. The full query included the following components:

middleware
/api/upload
113.89.232.157

This narrowed the results down to a single event. Within that event, I was able to identify both the IP address and the associated port number, confirming the attacker's command 
and control setup. The target system was attempting to reach out to the attacker's infrastructure using these details, which provided evidence of a successful reverse shell connection.

Room complete.

This final phase wrapped up the investigation by confirming both the attacker's activity across the web application and their attempt to maintain access through external control. 
The investigation required a combination of pivoting through IPs, understanding exploit mechanics, and interpreting raw log data to reconstruct the timeline of events. It served as 
valuable practice in applying blue team analysis techniques in a realistic scenario.
